Work on STMCubeProgrammer instructions (#114)
nanoframework/nanoframework.github.io: content/stm32/flash-cube-programmer.md

# How To Flash a target using STM32 Cube Programmer

> This is a "rough" guide on how to manually flash the firmware using STM32CubeProgrammer utility.

Reviewer: No "rough" please! Let's make it a good one.
```suggestion
This is a guide on how to manually flash the firmware using STM32CubeProgrammer utility.
```

> NOTE: This utility replaces the deprecated ST-Link utility and is required as a prerquisite for boards with outdated firmware. Outdated boards will need to use this utility to update their current boot loader firmware. Once updated, all further firmware maintentance can be carried out using the nanoFramework Firmware Flash tool [nanoff](https://github.com/nanoframework/nanoFirmwareFlasher).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE 1: This utility replaces the deprecated ST-Link utility. 
NOTE 2: The recommended tool to install/update nanoFramework it's using the nanoFramework Firmware Flasher tool [nanoff](https://github.com/nanoframework/nanoFirmwareFlasher).
```

Reviewer: I was splitting the comment on 2 notes.

Note 1 as an informative bit about the tool it's replacing (although that's not much relevant, especially for new comers)
Note 2 was to highlight that the preferred tool it's nanoff, not STCube programmer. This is is here mostly for historical reasons when nanoff didn't exist. With the current state, nanoff it's the goto tool. 

The original comments on the need to use this for boars with "outdated firmware" also have no meaning now as this is not the case anymore. That's why I remove them.

## Install the STM32 Cube Programmer utility

1. Download the appropriate [STM32 Cube Programmer](https://www.st.com/en/development-tools/stm32cubeprog.html) from ST website and install it on your development machine.

## Get the .NET nanoFramework device Firmware

There are two firmware binaries to be flashed to the device, one for nanoBooter and another one for nanoCLR.

1. Download the binaries for our reference boards [here](https://github.com/nanoframework/nf-interpreter#firmware-for-reference-boards) by clicking on the appropriate badge. This will take you to our Cloudsmith repository that holds the packages with pre-build images. After downloading it, ensure to unzip the package contents to a folder of your choosing.

## Setup Connection

1. Launch the STM32 Cube Programmer that you've just installed and connect to the ST board.

### Connect to a ST-Link connected board

Note: ensure you Update the STLink Firmware before continuing using the `Firmware Upgrade` button and following the instructions.

1. Select "ST-Link" in the interface options.
    >![ST-LINK](../../images/stm32/stm32-cube-programmer-select-stlink.jpg)

> ### Connect to a JTAG connected board

Reviewer: Guess you're referring to boards such as ORGPAL_3 that require an external ST-Link pod.
If that's the case, then the paragraph below should be on the one before this and here the one above with the recommendation to update the STLink fw.

Reviewer: You've expanded this explanation to 3 cases: JTAG, STLing and DFU. 
I was guessing that you're referring to JTAG connected boards to ones similar to ORGPAL that require an external JTAG pod, as opposed to the STM32 Nucleo and Discovery ones that have it onboard.

1. Connect the target board to your PC using an USB cable. Note that on most ST development boards there are TWO micro USB connectors. To follow this guide you will want to use the one that's providing the `JTAG` connection through the `ST-Link` debugger. If in doubt, check the PCB for the correct one or the board schematic.

1. Select "ST-Link" in the interface options.
    >![ST-LINK](../../images/stm32/stm32-cube-programmer-select-stlink.jpg)

### Connect to a DFU connected board

> Note: `.dfu` files are no longer required and (if it-to-date) use `.hex` files.

Reviewer: Being the section about "connecting" this note seems misplaced...
Wanting to add a note about DFU files, this would belong at the bottom of the next section.

(also, not sure what you wanted to convey with "(if it-to-date)")
